README.md, before:

# Metrop
Metrop est une app web 🇫🇷 Française et open source pour apprendre

Metrop is a free and open source 🇫🇷 french web app to learn

# Documentation
Documentation in english :
[Get Started](./documentation/en/getStarted.md)

Documentation en français :
[Bien démarrer](./documentation/fr/demarrer.md)

>[!IMPORTANT]
>🇨🇦 : The various borders are being added little by little. Many are still missing.
>
>🇫🇷 : Les différentes frontières sont ajoutées petit à petit. Il en manque encore beaucoup.

>[!CAUTION]
> 🇨🇦 : Metrop was not designed for political purposes : some border in the world are disputed and we try to base our quizzes on the ON world map.
>
> 🇫🇷 : Metrop n'a pas été conçu à des fins politiques : certaines frosntières dans le monde sont contestées et nous essayons de baser nos quiz sur la carte du monde de l'ONU.

# Credit
Created by / Créé par : @Jimmxyz

🇨🇦 : Some of the resources are sourced from Wikipedia/Wikimedia or OSMB and OSM.  
🇫🇷 : Certaines ressources proviennent de Wikipédia/Wikimédia ou d’OSM et OSMB.  

🇨🇦 : The base maps are form CartoDB.  
🇫🇷 : Les carte de base proviennent de CartoDB.

🇨🇦 : Metrop use Leaflet an amazing api to manage maps.  
🇫🇷 : Metrop utilise l'incroyable api Leaflet pour gérer les carte.

Commit message:

v0.7.5.h -> Added Search -> Improved loading speed of the card -> Added a favicon -> Added a animated logo -> CONTENT:       -> Added the 10 most populated french city       -> Added the departement of the french region ARA       -> Added region of france ->Fixed a scrollbar style issue -> Fixed spelling error

README.md, after:

# Metrop
Metrop est une app web 🇫🇷 Française et open source pour apprendre

Metrop is a free and open source 🇫🇷 french web app to learn

# Documentation
Documentation in english :
[Get Started](./documentation/en/getStarted.md)

Documentation en français :
[Bien démarrer](./documentation/fr/demarrer.md)

>[!IMPORTANT]
>🇨🇦 : The various borders are being added little by little. Many are still missing.
>
>🇫🇷 : Les différentes frontières sont ajoutées petit à petit. Il en manque encore beaucoup.

>[!CAUTION]
> 🇨🇦 : Metrop was not designed for political purposes : some border in the world are disputed and we try to base our quizzes on the UN world map.
>
> 🇫🇷 : Metrop n'a pas été conçu à des fins politiques : certaines frosntières dans le monde sont contestées et nous essayons de baser nos quiz sur la carte du monde de l'ONU.

# Credit
Created by / Créé par : @Jimmxyz

🇨🇦 : Some of the resources are sourced from Wikipedia/Wikimedia or OSMB and OSM.  
🇫🇷 : Certaines ressources proviennent de Wikipédia/Wikimédia ou d’OSM et OSMB.  

🇨🇦 : The base maps are form CartoDB.  
🇫🇷 : Les carte de base proviennent de CartoDB.

🇨🇦 : Metrop use Leaflet an amazing api to manage maps.  
🇫🇷 : Metrop utilise l'incroyable api Leaflet pour gérer les carte.

🇨🇦 : Le logo animé et la favicon proviennent de la base de données <a href="https://googlefonts.github.io/noto-emoji-animation/">Google Noto Emoji</a>, licenciés sous la <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode">🅭 CC BY 4.0</a>.

🇫🇷 : The animated logo and the favicon come from the <a href="https://googlefonts.github.io/noto-emoji-animation/">Google Noto Emoji</a> database, licensed under <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode">🅭 CC BY 4.0</a>.
